
0) Deploy to github pages instead (making cloudflare point to that)

1) Save games to disk, so server can reboot without breaking games
    - If the reboot is fast enough, which it should be, and everyone reconnects, it should be basically transparent for the server to update. 

1.1) Also have the single game saved to disk so you can refresh the single-player page and it will resume the same single-player game at the same time. Of when it was last saved, and it should save every 15 seconds. 

2) versioning of the client so when the server updates, everyone's pages are forced to refresh. Which should again just resume their multiplayer game / single player game 

3) Have the server automatically watch the Git repo and update and restart when it changes. 

4) Support users giving feedback and then allow viewing feedback with some kind of password (We can store the hash of the password in the repo. It's fine. It'll just be some long sequence of words, so guessing it will be impossible).

5) Saving history of boards you can go to previous boards so you can share it with people. Also, make sure sharing works correctly. 




1) FIX board importing from url not working (It seems to clobber the url and reset the board to something else)

2) Keep track of the history of the games, and allow us to view a previous game state, like when we are finished (so we can see the board, our picks, our score, the final time, and view the game over screen as well). Track it using DiskCollectionRawBrowser from sliftutils.

3) update the game over screen so that it'll say whether you won or not. And if we're doing it based on a score limit, you should say the total time at the top. Right now it just says game over when you won. So it's almost like saying you lost, even though it should be saying that you won. Although if it's a score limit, we don't say win or lose, we just the time the thing. 

4) Add a campaign type thing where the percentage score gets higher and higher that you need to get, but you also just can retry it, that same percentage score with a different board?
    - I'm thinking maybe we have it a thing where the percentage gets higher every time you beat it and lower every time you lose?

5) We want some kind of like point system and progressions, and maybe some kind of a bonuses thing. 

6) Cooperative mode in the campaign. Maybe you can get people to help you beat a board. Maybe some kind of thing where the boards are cooperative and groups of people play on them, but it's still a campaign system. Maybe with just those specific groups of people, so you can be in multiple shared things at once, and the board resets every certain amount of time, either daily or weekly or certain days of the week. 


Add a setting that changes the minimum letters to four. 



Move the play again button to the top of Game Over, under the score.


Verify letterquick works with multiplayer now

Move letterquick to our hetnzer server, and setup port rewriting in cloudflare so we don't have to host it on port 443
    - the server already hosts the site, so we don't need another script



SOUNDS!
    - Nice sounds when you get words, etc


Have a mode where a lot of tiles are multiple letters based on how they phonetically sound


- Sounds

- History mode, which will let you view the finish screen for old games 
    - Change the finish screen so it's inline, instead of using a popup

- Add network level DDoS protection. 

- Add endpoint level DDoS protection. 

iphone app for:
    full screen
    vibration support

Settings option to allow us to turn on vibration. I think it might be too annoying, but we could turn it on and then use it for some things, such as when you're timed out. 